TTYG-178 Improve documentation (#51)
Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval: docs/install.md

# Installation

> To evaluate only steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To evaluate only steps and tool calls different from retrieval and such that do not require LLM usage during evaluation (see [§ Metrics using LLM](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/llm.md)):
```

Author: Reworded

```bash
pip install graphrag-eval
```
or add the following dependency in your `pyproject.toml` file:
```toml
graphrag-eval = "*"
```

> To evaluate `answer_relevance`, answer correctness metrics (`answer_recall`, `answer_precision`, `answer_f1`) (see [§ LLM use in evaluation](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/llm.md)) or [custom metrics](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/custom.md) install the `llm` extra:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To evaluate metrics based on LLM evaluation, such as `answer_relevance`, answer correctness metrics (`answer_recall`, `answer_precision`, `answer_f1`), retrieval steps evaluation metrics (see [§ Metrics using LLM](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/llm.md)) or [custom metrics](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/custom.md) install the `llm` extra:
```

Author: Revamped.

# Installation

To evaluate only steps:
```bash
pip install graphrag-eval
```
or add the following dependency in your `pyproject.toml` file:
```toml
graphrag-eval = "*"
```

To evaluate answer relevance and answer correctness (see section
[Output keys](output-keys.md)) or use a
[custom evaluation](custom-evaluation.md):

```bash
pip install 'graphrag-eval[llm]'
```

or add the following dependency in your `pyproject.toml` file:
```toml
graphrag-eval = {version = "*", extras = ["llm"]}

> ```

Reviewer 2: Did we decide do abandon the `Command Line Use` section?

Reviewer 2: It's in the intro document, which is very confusing for me. I would expect that the installation as library is an alternative to a command line usage.

Author: No, but it is not in the installation section. It is in the Introduction.
